docs(readme): comply new policy template INTER-292 (#29)
fingerprintjs/fingerprint-pro-segment-source-function: README.md

 <img src="resource/../resources/segment-overview.png" alt="Screenshot of Segment overview showing Fingerprint Pro as a data source">

## ⚠️ Requirements and limitations

### Usage Requirements

To use this library:

- You need to have the Fingerprint Pro [JavaScript agent](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/js-agent) installed on your website and configured to send data to Segment. Installing Segment on your website directly is not required.
- Webhook setup on Fingerprint dashboard that uses the url provided by Segment Source Function
- Mobile platforms are currently not supported. Reach out to our [support](https://fingerprint.com/support) if you have any questions.

### Development Requirements

When deployed, the source function runs inside Segment's custom [JavaScript runtime](https://segment.com/docs/connections/functions/source-functions/#runtime-and-dependencies). To build and test the source function locally, you need: 

- Node 18+

> - Typescript 4

Author: Will check this

 <img src="resource/../resources/segment-overview.png" alt="Screenshot of Segment overview showing Fingerprint Pro as a data source">

## ⚠️ Requirements and limitations

> Please note that this library runs by Segment's custom JavaScript runtime. To test and build locally, this library requires these:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deployed, the source function runs inside Segment's custom [JavaScript runtime](https://segment.com/docs/connections/functions/source-functions/#runtime-and-dependencies). To build and test the source function locally, you need: 
```

> Please note that this library runs by Segment's custom JavaScript runtime. To test and build locally, this library requires these:

Reviewer: Most people likely only want to use the source function, not develop it. I would swap the two sections: usage first, development second. :)
